Arpit Shrotriya Location: Harrison, New Jersey
LinkedIn |as4893@njit.edu |+1-9734184125
AI/ML ENGINEER
Graduate Computer Science student with 3 years of experience in Python, SQL, designing and deploying Machine Learning
models and ETL pipelines, data warehousing (Google Cloud, AWS), and automating data workflows. Currently pursuing a
Master’s in Computer Science atNJIT , with a passion for leveraging data and cloud technologies to solve complex challenges,
Demonstrated ability to handle large-scale data engineering challenges and develop client-focused solutions.
EDUCATION
New Jersey Institute Of Technology Newark, New Jersey
M.S. in Computer Science | GPA : 3.83 September 2024 – May 2026 (Expected)
Bharati Vidyapeeth College Of Engineering Paschim Vihar, New Delhi
B. Tech. in Computer Science | GPA : 3.2 Aug 2017 – July 2021
EXPERIENCE
AI Industrial Trainer July 2023 – August 2024
Veeyo Tech New Delhi, India
•Delivered engaging lectures and training sessions to over 100 students on Python, Machine Learning
fundamentals , and advanced topics like Anomaly Detection and Natural Language Processing. This instruction
significantly enhanced students’ understanding and practical skills, with 90% of participants demonstrating
improved performance in hands-on projects and assessments.
•Taught advanced Blockchain technology to over 50 students , covering Smart Contracts, Solidity basics, the
history of Blockchain, and practical applications. This training equipped participants with the skills to innovate and
contribute effectively to the industry, leading to a 20% increase in hands-on project completions.
Data Engineer June 2022 – June 2023
Sail Analytics New Delhi, India
•Built data pipelines to automatically create Excel files and send emails to clients using Python and HTML ,
streamlining workflows and reducing manual work by 30%.
•Worked with Python OCR packages , extracting key information like total amount, date, and receipt ID from over
1,000 receipt photos with 95% accuracy , delivering valuable data to clients quickly.
•Developed ETL pipelines for Master and Transactional data, improving data consolidation for reports in PowerBI
and Tableau, leading to a 40% increase in report generation efficiency
•Integrated SAP HANA and Google BigQuery , enabling secure data movement for the deployment of Data-delivery
ETL pipelines, resulting in a 20% reduction in data transfer time.
Data Analyst February 2022 – May 2022
Roboiotics New Delhi, India
•Worked on creating customized GUIs by integrating and developing design languages using Python, PyQT5, and
SQL , resulting in a 25% improvement in user interaction efficiency and delivering tailored solutions to meet
client-specific requirements.
TECHNICAL SKILLS: MACHINE LEARNING, PYTHON, SQL, POWER BI, PANDAS, TENSORflOW, GOOGLE BIGQUERY
PROJECTS
Skill Recommender With Azure Open AI Flask, Azure OpenAI API, YouT ube Data API, HTML/CSS Source Code
•Developed a Flask-based application using Azure OpenAI and YouTube Data API to recommend skills by comparing
resume content with trending market skills for a target job title.
Columbia-Asia-Hospital-Data-Analysis Power BI and DAX functions, Git Source Code
•Project focuses on optimizing patient care, assessing financial health, improving efficiency and strategic decisions